right however I just ordered this blue
Rex leather case for the transformer I
just got this from amazon for about
twenty dollars so the reason I got this
this company is because of one main
point it's this charging port a cutout
for the charging port so many companies
have the same exact model i think that
fool you or something which don't have
the charging ports you will have to
actually charge you a transformer with
your case open and i really don't like
that because i have an ipad which has an
open charging cut out for charging so i
cannot leave it just open so that's
reason i ordered this so let's see how
this fits the transformer right there's
some instructions right here nice i saw
a video online and this one follow that
simple so you just use these four
latches first push your transformer end
it fits really tight and these these
think these latches i think they are
supported with some kind of metal frame
friends inside so probably and that
makes it really strong and this part you
just push it in all right okay
close this and there's more support
latch kind of thing here just press it
can you see how up 10 that is and i
really like this part because i don't
want to really add lot of bulk to my
epad so i think this is way thinner than
my I pancakes so all right I really like
this so let me just open it they have a
cutout for the camera I don't know how
you can use the camera with your case
closed or maybe there's three when you
would go use your camera like that so
you have to have a cut out there that
was lame there the charging port cut out
you have all your ports open you have
the speaker's here okay and so let's see
how the three-stage Stan works so you
just push this up a bit
you just bend it click that and you put
it on your first level second level
level I like the third level because I
think that's the angle i'm going to use
if it's on a table on your desktop I
Justin to your desktop so and this might
be good you're watching a movie on on
your bed okay i just press this in again
close it press that part this is a
really nice case i actually it feels
strong I mean I feel my epad is going to
be safe in there but except for those
ports which are open but I'm not I don't
travel a lot so I think this really is
good for my daily